# Zach Fizet
# CS340

1. Writing the CRUD file for this project has been probably the most important part of the course. The re-used the initial CRUD
file I developed for this class for basically every other project and milestone that came after, as the principals within that CRUD file
were able to replicated and re-used for basically every problem I encountered. I was able to do this because I created a consistent, clean code structure that was easy to read and replicate. The code I created was also modularized, meaning that different logic was in different layers and each section was only responsible for whatever was contained in that layer/section. Also, detailed, concise comments meant that I was able to simply read what I had written and it would essentially explain what that block of code was supposed to do and how it was supposed to funciton.

2. I approach a problem as a computer scientist by figuring out what something is supposed to look and function like at the "end". Like when an author figures out the ending for their book. They might know exactly how it is supposed to end, and then write the rest of the book to get to that end. The same idea applies for how I approach solving problems. If I can figure out what the "end" is supposed to be, I can figure out the rest of the journey from the beginning.

3. Computer scientists use logic to solve complex problems by creating software, algorithms, AI, etc. It matters because that problem solving is what drives innovation in their field(s). One person might have a straightforward solution to a problem, but later, someone else may come along that can solve the same problem, but in a better way. Whether that means the problem solving is more efficent or more robust. The work matters because it is all built around improving or solving something. Before Doordash, you could basically only get pizza delivered to you. After Doordash was created, you can now basically get anything you want delivered to you, including medicine and alcohol. This is possible because someone had an idea to improve/expand food delivery and hired some brilliant computer scientists to bring that vision to life.
